# Calappy

An iPad app to show a Google Calendar resource's availability for the day in a glanceable format.

## Building

Dependencies are managed with [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org/), so install that and do a `pod install` in this directory. Then open the newly-created `Calappy.xcworkspace` and everything should build happily.

## Configuration

This being a super-simple initial release, configuration is hard-coded for the moment. You'll need to give a Google API client ID and secret in `Calappy/MXMGoogleManager.h`, and a couple of names and IDs of resources you'd like to show. To deal with more than two resources, you'll need to modify `Calappy/MXMRoomSelectViewController.m` appropriately, currently in `viewDidLoad`. This is obviously not very pretty, but we didn't have a pressing need for anything more elaborately configurable. You probably also want to change the `organizerEmailSuffix` in `Calappy/GTLCalendarEvent+MXMTableCells.h` to something that matches your domain. This is so that the name shown in the app is someone from your organisation.
When getting your auth, make sure to do the following. Click OAuth client ID. When it asks for application type, do not select
iOS {we know it is super tempting, but dont}. Instead click other. That will provide you the client ID and client secret. Use
that for the manager.h piece
## Contributing

Feel free to send pull requests if you like! This all is completely unsupported, and will probably only gain features if we have the need or time here.

## Licence

BSD 3-clause. See the `LICENSE` file for the full text.
